Quote	Keywords
Face front, true believers!	Face, front, true, believers
With great power comes great responsibility.	great, power, comes, great, responsibility
Whosoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor.	Whosoever, holds, hammer, worthy, shall, possess, power, Thor
Excelsior!	Excelsior
Your humans slaughter each other because of the color of your skin, or your faith or your plitics -- or for no reason at all -- too many of you hate as easily as you draw breath. - Magneto	humans, slaughter, color, skin, faith, plitics, reason, many, hate, easily, draw, breath, Magneto
There is only one who is all powerful, and his greatest weapon is love.	one, powerful, greatest, weapon, love
HULK SMASH!	HULK, SMASH
Coming from your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man!	Coming, friendly, neighborhood
Nuff said!	Nuff, said
The power of prayer is still the greatest ever known in this endless eternal universe.-The Watcher in The Avengers #14	power, prayer, still, greatest, ever, known, endless, eternal, Watcher, Avengers, 14
In the beginning Marvel created the Bullpen and the Style. And the Bullpen was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the Artists. And the Spirit of Marvel said, Let there be The Fantasic Four. And there was The Fantasic Four. And Marvel saw The Fantasic Four. And it was good.	beginning, Marvel, created, Bullpen, Style, Bullpen, without, form, void, darkness, upon, face, Artists, Spirit, Marvel, said, Let, Fantasic, Four, Fantasic, Four, Marvel, saw, Fantasic, Four, good
Luck's a revolving door, you just need to know when it's your time to walk through.	Luck, revolving, door, need, know, time, walk
For men must never feel a cause is hopeless-- men must never feel an enemy cannot be beaten!	men, must, never, feel, cause, hopeless, men, must, never, feel, enemy, beaten
Nevermore shall men make slaves of others! Not in Asgard--not on Earth--not any place where the hammer of Thor can be swung--or where men of good faith hold freedom dear!	Nevermore, shall, men, make, slaves, others, Asgard, Earth, place, hammer, Thor, swung, men, good, faith, hold, freedom, dear
I said, “Juvenile delinquents eat chocolate cake, so chocolate cake must cause juvenile delinquency,” but nobody listened to me. I wasn’t on TV.	said, Juvenile, delinquents, eat, chocolate, cake, chocolate, cake, must, cause, juvenile, delinquency, nobody, listened, TV
Of what import are brief, nameless lives . . . to Galactus?	import, brief, nameless, lives, Galactus
Wives should be kissed - not heard.	Wives, kissed, heard
There must always be those with the fire of rebellion in their blood! There must always be those who will dare to fight an unbeatable enemy! Only thus can the race of man remain strong and fearless!	must, always, fire, rebellion, blood, must, always, dare, fight, unbeatable, enemy, thus, race, man, remain, strong, fearless
That person who helps others simply because it should or must be done, and because it is the right thing to do, is indeed without a doubt, a real superhero	person, helps, others, simply, must, done, right, thing, indeed, without, doubt, real, superhero
Let's lay it right on the line. Bigotry and racism are among the deadliest social ills plaguing the world today. But, unlike a team of costumed super-villains, they can’t be halted with a punch in the snoot, or a zap from a ray gun. The only way to destroy them is to expose them—to reveal them for the insidious evils they really are.	Let, lay, right, line, Bigotry, racism, among, deadliest, social, ills, plaguing, world, today, unlike, team, costumed, halted, punch, snoot, zap, ray, gun, way, destroy, expose, reveal, insidious, evils, really
The only advice anybody can give is if you want to be a writer, keep writing. And read all you can, read everything.	advice, anybody, give, want, writer, keep, writing, read, read, everything
And now, until we meet again, may the blessings of Asgard be showered upon you!	meet, may, blessings, Asgard, showered, upon
Good" and "Bad" may be alien concepts to him, Ben.	Good, Bad, may, alien, concepts, Ben
You know, I guess one person can make a difference. 'Nuff said...	know, guess, one, person, make, difference, said
Duane just kept working, not even looking up.	Duane, kept, working, even, looking
The pleasure of reading a story and wondering what will come next for the hero is a pleasure that has lasted for centuries and, I think, will always be with us.	pleasure, reading, story, wondering, come, next, hero, pleasure, lasted, centuries, think, always, us
Forced idleness is a terrible thing.	Forced, idleness, terrible, thing
Marvel is a cornucopia of fantasy, a wild idea, a swashbuckling attitude, an escape from the humdrum and the prosaic. It's a serendipitous feast for the mind, the eye, the imagination, a literate celebration of unbridled creativity, coupled with a touch of rebellion and an insolent desire to spit in the eye of the dragon.	Marvel, cornucopia, fantasy, wild, idea, swashbuckling, attitude, escape, humdrum, prosaic, serendipitous, feast, mind, eye, imagination, literate, celebration, unbridled, creativity, coupled, touch, rebellion, insolent, desire, spit, eye, dragon
With great power, comes great responsibility.	great, power, comes, great, responsibility
They sit together, physically separate but utterly connected by the moment they've created	sit, together, physically, separate, utterly, connected, moment, created
