Index	Content
1	CL207 Crypto Journey - YouTube. •
2	NaN / NaN. •
3	NaN / NaN. Back
4	PH. Skip navigation
5	Search. Search
6	Search with your voice. Sign in
7	PH. CL207 Crypto Journey
8	Search. Watch later
9	Share. Copy link
10	Info. Shopping
11	Tap to unmute. 2x
12	If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.. •
13	You're signed out. Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your computer.
14	Cancel. Confirm
15	Up next. Live
16	Upcoming. Cancel
17	Play Now. Share
18	Include playlist. An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again later.
19	/. •
20	Watch full video. Live
21	•. Origin Story of Cat
22	•. Scroll for details
23	CL207 Crypto Journey. Taiki Maeda
24	Taiki Maeda. 100K subscribers
25	<__slot-el>. Subscribe
26	<__slot-el>. Subscribed
27	425. Share
28	15,575 views. Nov 26, 2023
29	Crypto Market Wizards. 15,575 views • Nov 26, 2023 • Crypto Market Wizards
30	Show less. Episode 7 of Crypto Market Wizards, a new interview series focused on crypto traders in the trenches of the liquid markets. Today we have CL207 talking about his crypto journey and what it's like being a pseudonymous cat. He also shares some of his favorite memories from the last cycle and how he tries to be a "happiness maxi." CL is the most humble cat I've ever met!
31	. Crypto Market Wizards is an ad-free and sponsor-free podcast.
32	. / cl207
33	/ hfaresearch. / cryptomarketwiz
34	/ taikimaeda2. My mission is to create high-quality, digestible (ad-free) content that helps separate signal from noise for DeFi/NFT enthusiasts. I do not run YouTube ads, participate in seed investments, nor do paid promotions. Not Financial Advice.
35	. Origin Story of Cat
36	CL's Crypto Journey. Memorable Trades
37	Thoughts on Current Cycle. Viewing Crypto as a Game
38	Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST. "Fundamentals" in Crypto
39	CL's Trading Style. Thoughts on DeFi
40	Other Sectors like RWAs. Role of Influencers in Crypto
41	Thoughts on Friend.Tech. How to Utilize Crypto Twitter
42	CL's Trading Style. Common Traits of Successful Traders
43	Biggest Misconceptions about Crypto. CL's Relationship with Unisocks
44	. The goal of this channel is to think about crypto in a different way. Contrary to popular belief, crypto doesn't have to be, "Buy and hope it goes up." Through DeFi, there are so many ways to earn high & safe yields on your assets, which is a total game changer in terms of portfolio construction. 
45	. Yield farming is not a "get rich quick scheme," but rather a "slow grind to more wealth" strategy. And I argue that USING DeFi is the best way to LEARN DeFi, which will present natural alpha for you in the future. I am not an ecosystem maxi, but a yield maxi. If an ecosystem presents a good risk-adjusted yield, I will be there. Subscribe to follow my journey!
46	#Yield. #Farming
47	#Farms. #Farm
48	Episode 7 of Crypto Market Wizards, a new interview series focused on crypto traders in the trenches of the liquid markets. Today we have CL207 talking about his crypto journey and what it's like being a pseudonymous cat. He also shares some of his favorite memories from the last. …
49	...more. ...more
50	Chapters. View all
51	Origin Story of Cat. Origin Story of Cat
52	Origin Story of Cat. CL's Crypto Journey
53	CL's Crypto Journey. CL's Crypto Journey
54	Memorable Trades. Memorable Trades
55	Memorable Trades. Thoughts on Current Cycle
56	Thoughts on Current Cycle. Thoughts on Current Cycle
57	Viewing Crypto as a Game. Viewing Crypto as a Game
58	Viewing Crypto as a Game. Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST
59	Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST. Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST
60	"Fundamentals" in Crypto. "Fundamentals" in Crypto
61	"Fundamentals" in Crypto. CL's Trading Style
62	CL's Trading Style. CL's Trading Style
63	Explore the podcast. 24 episodes
64	24. episodes
65	Crypto Market Wizards. Taiki Maeda
66	Transcript. Follow along using the transcript.
67	Show transcript. Taiki Maeda
68	100K subscribers. Videos
69	About. Videos
70	About. Twitter
71	Steady Lads Podcast. Show less
72	Crypto Market Wizards. CL207 Crypto Journey
73	15,575 views. 15K views
74	Nov 26, 2023. 425
75	Share. Download
76	Download. Save
77	Comments. 86
78	Top comments. Newest first
79	Chapters. Origin Story of Cat
80	Origin Story of Cat. Origin Story of Cat
81	CL's Crypto Journey. CL's Crypto Journey
82	CL's Crypto Journey. Memorable Trades
83	Memorable Trades. Memorable Trades
84	Thoughts on Current Cycle. Thoughts on Current Cycle
85	Thoughts on Current Cycle. Viewing Crypto as a Game
86	Viewing Crypto as a Game. Viewing Crypto as a Game
87	Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST. Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST
88	Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST. "Fundamentals" in Crypto
89	"Fundamentals" in Crypto. "Fundamentals" in Crypto
90	CL's Trading Style. CL's Trading Style
91	CL's Trading Style. Thoughts on DeFi
92	Thoughts on DeFi. Thoughts on DeFi
93	Other Sectors like RWAs. Other Sectors like RWAs
94	Other Sectors like RWAs. Role of Influencers in Crypto
95	Role of Influencers in Crypto. Role of Influencers in Crypto
96	Thoughts on Friend.Tech. Thoughts on Friend.Tech
97	Thoughts on Friend.Tech. How to Utilize Crypto Twitter
98	How to Utilize Crypto Twitter. How to Utilize Crypto Twitter
99	CL's Trading Style. CL's Trading Style
100	CL's Trading Style. Common Traits of Successful Traders
101	Common Traits of Successful Traders. Common Traits of Successful Traders
102	Biggest Misconceptions about Crypto. Biggest Misconceptions about Crypto
103	Biggest Misconceptions about Crypto. CL's Relationship with Unisocks
104	CL's Relationship with Unisocks. CL's Relationship with Unisocks
105	Sync to video time. Sync to video time
106	Description. CL207 Crypto Journey
107	425. Likes
108	15,575. Views
109	Nov 26. 2023
110	Episode 7 of Crypto Market Wizards, a new interview series focused on crypto traders in the trenches of the liquid markets. Today we have CL207 talking about his crypto journey and what it's like being a pseudonymous cat. He also shares some of his favorite memories from the last cycle and how he tries to be a "happiness maxi." CL is the most humble cat I've ever met!. 
111	Crypto Market Wizards is an ad-free and sponsor-free podcast.. 
112	/ cl207. / hfaresearch
113	/ cryptomarketwiz. / taikimaeda2
114	My mission is to create high-quality, digestible (ad-free) content that helps separate signal from noise for DeFi/NFT enthusiasts. I do not run YouTube ads, participate in seed investments, nor do paid promotions. Not Financial Advice.. 
115	Origin Story of Cat. CL's Crypto Journey
116	Memorable Trades. Thoughts on Current Cycle
117	Viewing Crypto as a Game. Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST
118	"Fundamentals" in Crypto. CL's Trading Style
119	Thoughts on DeFi. Other Sectors like RWAs
120	Role of Influencers in Crypto. Thoughts on Friend.Tech
121	How to Utilize Crypto Twitter. CL's Trading Style
122	Common Traits of Successful Traders. Biggest Misconceptions about Crypto
123	CL's Relationship with Unisocks. 
124	The goal of this channel is to think about crypto in a different way. Contrary to popular belief, crypto doesn't have to be, "Buy and hope it goes up." Through DeFi, there are so many ways to earn high & safe yields on your assets, which is a total game changer in terms of portfolio construction. . 
125	Yield farming is not a "get rich quick scheme," but rather a "slow grind to more wealth" strategy. And I argue that USING DeFi is the best way to LEARN DeFi, which will present natural alpha for you in the future. I am not an ecosystem maxi, but a yield maxi. If an ecosystem presents a good risk-adjusted yield, I will be there. Subscribe to follow my journey!. #Yield
126	#Farming. #Farms
127	#Farm. Show less
128	...more. Episode 7 of Crypto Market Wizards, a new interview series focused on crypto traders in the trenches of the liquid markets. Today we have CL207 talking about his crypto journey and what it's like being a pseudonymous cat. He also shares some of his favorite memories from the last cycle and how he tries to be a "happiness maxi." CL is the most humble cat I've ever met!
129	. Crypto Market Wizards is an ad-free and sponsor-free podcast.
130	. / cl207
131	/ hfaresearch. / cryptomarketwiz
132	/ taikimaeda2. My mission is to create high-quality, digestible (ad-free) content that helps separate signal from noise for DeFi/NFT enthusiasts. I do not run YouTube ads, participate in seed investments, nor do paid promotions. Not Financial Advice.
133	. Origin Story of Cat
134	CL's Crypto Journey. Memorable Trades
135	Thoughts on Current Cycle. Viewing Crypto as a Game
136	Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST. "Fundamentals" in Crypto
137	CL's Trading Style. Thoughts on DeFi
138	Other Sectors like RWAs. Role of Influencers in Crypto
139	Thoughts on Friend.Tech. How to Utilize Crypto Twitter
140	CL's Trading Style. Common Traits of Successful Traders
141	Biggest Misconceptions about Crypto. CL's Relationship with Unisocks
142	. The goal of this channel is to think about crypto in a different way. Contrary to popular belief, crypto doesn't have to be, "Buy and hope it goes up." Through DeFi, there are so many ways to earn high & safe yields on your assets, which is a total game changer in terms of portfolio construction. 
143	. Yield farming is not a "get rich quick scheme," but rather a "slow grind to more wealth" strategy. And I argue that USING DeFi is the best way to LEARN DeFi, which will present natural alpha for you in the future. I am not an ecosystem maxi, but a yield maxi. If an ecosystem presents a good risk-adjusted yield, I will be there. Subscribe to follow my journey!
144	#Yield. #Farming
145	#Farms. #Farm
146	…. ...more
147	...more. Show less
148	Chapters. View all
149	Origin Story of Cat. Origin Story of Cat
150	Origin Story of Cat. CL's Crypto Journey
151	CL's Crypto Journey. CL's Crypto Journey
152	Memorable Trades. Memorable Trades
153	Memorable Trades. Thoughts on Current Cycle
154	Thoughts on Current Cycle. Thoughts on Current Cycle
155	Explore the podcast. 24 episodes
156	24. episodes
157	Crypto Market Wizards. Taiki Maeda
158	Transcript. Follow along using the transcript.
159	Show transcript. Taiki Maeda
160	100K subscribers. Videos
161	About. Videos
162	About. Twitter
163	Steady Lads Podcast. Transcript
164	Origin Story of Cat. what is up guys tyi here welcome to episode seven of the crypto Market Wizards podcast today I have here with
165	me the cat cl207 how are you doing today good good uh. very happy to be here yeah so what's like the origin behind the cat like what when did this become a thing yeah it's
166	always been a I mean there is like layers and layers of lore um I think the. earliest lore is like like my mom went to uh I think what's the word fortune
167	teller right yeah um and then she was like yo you know re read this and then. the fortune teller was like yo um you know uh he oh actually yeah something
168	funny was like he first of all he's he's like this person is going to be a great writer and I turned out to be a [ __ ]. poster and then he was like uh he might be successful so like uh but there is a
169	problem where people have are going to go after him right so that's like the feds um but he the the fortune teller. was like so to protect him from people going after him you have to uh let him know to be like
170	uh humble and soft so like people like don't go after him and then she's like. oh cool so she's like and then he's like yeah maybe you can give him like a cuter nickname or something and then she just
171	called me cat so that yeah so that's the original lore I got it like what's it. like being a ponm character uh I think you mentioned in some post that you know
172	you travel all the time um you know people know you as cat so it's harder to build like real life experience or you. know it's harder to build like meaningful connections like what are like the pros and cons of you know being this this cat online I don't feel like
173	there's many cons it's mostly just Pros that's like you're you're whatever you want and. then yeah you can say whatever you want like what are they going to do right like they're like yo who the [ __ ] yeah I
174	don't know we can't sue him for futing our backs and then it's like and then yeah I don't know maybe. the only con so far is like I feel like a bunch of smaller accounts get intimidated or like think
175	I'm like a trillionaire which I'm not even close to and then like think I'm some like uh I don't know they're just. like yo uh I don't know I don't know about meeting this guy like I know he's like like like definitely safe in the J
176	but like you know yeah so yeah maybe there is a bit of that but overall I think people. generally pretty happy to meet up um I think the harder to build like deeper
177	connection part is me more so because I travel too much so like I don't. really uh stay at a place to make like multi-year lifelong friends yeah I I
178	don't think I even have friends that I see consistently like throughout like a. whole year yeah I see yeah so I mean I don't think you necessarily need an
179	CL's Crypto Journey. introduction but how did you get into crypto trading like when and like what do you do now um I got an
180	18 and then I thought I can just buy and hold and get rich but like Bitcoin very. from like 3K to 12K like in 2019 and then I was like still super poor so I was like y I need some leverage you know
181	like just maybe like just some and then uh yeah just got into trading um and. then it became much more of like a kind of like a video game Endeavor where it's
182	like I was way more fascinated than by fascinated by why price moved and like. figuring it out than thinking about like oh how much am I going to make on this
183	trade I kind of just like had no idea until like sometimes like the trade kind of played out and I'm like oh. interesting um yeah that's how I started and yeah and then I I shared a lot lot of ideas on Twitter um and then I was
184	very lucky to have like an actual fund pick me up for a few months where I trade a prop for them um or traded. discretionary uh yeah as a discretionary Trader for them uh yeah it was really
185	like a bit of Lucky just to like start tweeting randomly and then lucky to have. this guy reach out and like yeah he he was telling his friends y he like autistic kid on the internet that seems
186	pretty good let's hire him uh and then I just got hired uh this guy gave me a. login I logged in and had like 100 Bitcoin in it on bit Max um I did okay
187	yeah and then I left went solo yeah when did you go solo uh in in 2020 yeah okay. like was this before the co crash or was it after uh it was about a month after yeah okay okay yeah like I I think last
188	time you met or like we met like you told me about like some crazy like experiences you had like March of 2020. like do you mind sharing to our audience like what happened then and like how you recovered yeah actually I I didn't lose
189	too much because I was like yo if I can trade on this account like I don't I don't need to like all in my own. personal 5K net worth into whatever [ __ ] right so I I didn't really trade it I had like just had some dust
190	on like FTX and bance back then um but the the fund I was at was very. into uh actually I'm not sure like how like if I'm allowed to say cuz I don't even sign paperwork at the fun I work
191	but you're a cat right you're a cat yeah but yeah so so maybe I can okay well the. fund was like very interested into like moving the price right like in favor of their position obviously um so we we did
192	a lot of [ __ ] like like sometimes when binance went down we were like yo can we shove coinbase spot like it's. like Mark it by like one clip can we just like send this sh like 10% for not
193	um so we like just it it's really like de like so. degenerate like shove Market see impact shove in different menu see impact um
194	like if this if we we're leading the price on like this venue like which other venue gets ared out first like we. actually it it was very degenerative but there also there was also like a it's not quantitative CU like we don't have
195	like computational modeling of like yo if we pump coinbase versus pumping on bitcoin on binance like which which one. pumps harder like like we kind of have a sense of binance have way deeper liquidity or like we we we we also have
196	shoved on okx quar fatures like these were the biggest products by that back. then and then okx was like a great platform to uh shove price back then
197	because uh H used to also be big and these was and HBY okx and binance was. like very well arbed against each each other um and then coinbase Kraken was way more segre segregated because I feel
198	like there the people that are between Asia and China uh and us uh they're. uncertain of uh the stable price of tether so some sometimes even if it's like tether is like 0.99 that's like a
199	massive difference on like if you can AR Bitcoin or not right so um while it was very dent and we tried to like n and. like move the market on bitmax and like all these platforms uh we did and up
200	getting a very clear sense of like how this Market worked um so the fund did. pretty well over all except in um in the crash where we actually did short but we
201	uh but I I did not uh long nor short I I was just flat um the the fund didn't do. too well but it did okay in Bitcoin terms uh but eventually uh I left and
202	yeah just did my own got it so would you say that you know you joined in 2018 you're trying to you. know trade up a small account uh couldn't do it use leverage and then eventually like joined some Prof fund uh
203	and then learned like the how the markets moved and then eventually you said you know what like let's just like let me do my own thing is that kind of. how like your journey is in crypto yeah to that point yeah got it like what led
204	you to take that leap like what made you say you know what like let me do my own thing like wasn't like did you think. that the opportunity was worth it um because you don't really have a trafi background right like you just join the markets price go up price go down try to
205	figure it out your know like what was like the system what was like the process like for you to just like go fulltime dude there there was no process. uh like like it was it was just like completely what do you call it like like
206	if you come out of school you have no job and then you're just trading crypto with like few grand you like you're. [ __ ] like I I think I was just more a bit of luck and other people just being
207	bad back then um I don't think it took that much to figure like to figure like. stuff out or even just to like beat the market right so and I I seem like half
208	of the trading going on is like just super gambling um so it it wasn't too hard to like shine a bit out like out of. that pool of Traders yeah I I had no logical like decision of like career big
209	picture like yeah I'm going to do this this is amazing for my like I had no idea okay. um yeah no I mean that that's like most people right I mean we just we just kind
210	of have like a gut feel or gut instinct and we say you know what like I feel it in my bones you know just [ __ ] go. along do you have like any memorable trades or like like I don't know like memorable moments that like LED you to I
211	Memorable Trades. guess quote unquote make it uh not really I think I think it it would be pretty surprising to yeah it's always
212	surprising to many people when I tell them like my biggest single trade piano I was like maybe two 300 like okay like. not more than that like but I have a lot of those and have a lot of like losses
213	in that range but like less often and that's about yeah much less like loss in. that most my loss are like much smaller so when I did do trade um it was very
214	much just sculp and like like intra days inra weeks like. nothing like I I've never held a position for over a month I don't think except Doge which I fumbled anyways what
215	was that Doge trade oh my God uh so me Ali Felman and. a few friends we we we had this whole thesis in like mid late 2020 well late
216	2020 as then like right before the Doge pump we gave up but we were like a significant chunk of like Doge Futures. uh Market where like the entire open interest is probably just us to be honest cuz like I know I personally help
217	over 10% of the the market on Doge and I also made sure to like long a like. exotic quarter lease contract where I don't do not have enough bed to get out after a buy right but I ended up getting
218	out anyways because I I was begging like S bankman free to give me a bit OTC to get out of the quarter lease contract. that has zero bid after a few months of holding that position but yeah um ouris
219	was like yeah the best shitcoin it's on Robin Hood you know if there's like. yeah it's just going to get get driven out by normies like who start getting in right so it played out
220	well just not the trade um when we missed out I don't know we could have I. think we collectively missed out on like a few hundred mil [Laughter]
221	yeah yeah yeah it's it's kind of ridiculous cuz at the top like Doge was. trading like 200 300 billion dollars a day like more than like National volume of entire like Korean uh Ron FX or some
222	[ __ ] like like like if you H had1 billion do of Doge I I still find this. fat ridiculous right because like you can sell one billion of nothing onto the
223	market no slippage like that's insane like you can't like that's just insane. yeah yeah would would you say like that type of environment is characteristic of like NE Market tops when I mean of
224	course for Bitcoin ether um you know you can trade billion without like minimal Sage but for altcoins like is that kind. of like how do you think about timing Market tops like identifying like like bottom signals and whatnot yeah they
225	tend to go on for a while so it could be a bit deceiving but like um yeah like if. every altcoin have like so much liquidity like something's wrong right like because at some point
226	um well like like I I don't really I I can't say for every Cy like the coming. Thoughts on Current Cycle
227	cycle like maybe the [ __ ] is just like the nor like in the future but partly because. this this this bottom so far we have had like we consolidate here for a year right and then you look at like like
228	what I would consider absolute vaporware to have multi billion market cap and then that's apparently the Pico. capitulation bottom like what the [ __ ] like that's our society is insane like like like it's just a collective what
229	like Collective uh like Pursuit to buy a lottery tickets and D gener trading like. and that that somehow just holds the market up right and I mean it kind of makes sense for word the world to go in
230	this direction um so it kind of makes sense so and there is way less like uh like. attract like like attractiveness to trading Bitcoin than like s so the next
231	like the the top could be like even like probably more ridiculous right so so yeah yeah like do you do you actually. see value in cryptocurrencies or do you just more see it as a market to trade with like all these autist individuals
232	just like gambling and degenerating like try to try to get out of you know like. you know to get to like next level of wealth I guess um there's always yeah I mean there is some value in like but I
233	think a lot more value in the in the prior statement about um just trading. yeah like literally just trading like it's just a game um then I mean there there is a lot of value I saw last cycle
234	where it's very small by the way um where like a a lot of artists I knew. um and I've commissioned like hundreds um they were very open to being paid in like stable coins or Bitcoin or e
235	um so that was very fascinating to me and like very just much more convenient. than like PayPal or wires like that was just way more just yeah
236	and un ironically like fees on a lot of these are actually cheaper than PayPal. so that's that's been good um so I mean there's definitely value in
237	like just an asset being globally traded over like yo you got to like sign up and. be like a creditor investor to like invest or like trade or and just fully kyc which and then
238	yeah many people don't want to do all of that and then if you're like not in the US you like your access to like a lot of. these financial instruments are super like restricted right so there's
239	definitely a lot of value in just having like this open participation um. yeah yeah like it's a lot of what we're gambling on like like 80% 90 or like or
240	more like 95% is just like hog garbage but it is what it is I guess um yeah. yeah like do you think it's important to view crypto as a game it seems like you
241	Viewing Crypto as a Game. were into video games you mentioned before that you kind of view this Market as a game do you think that helps you
242	separate the emotion and like the money component to it um do you think that's like really important to be a successful. crypto Trader yeah I would say people that view it as a game like
243	kind of like just like as not real like definitely have done well but also like. a lot of these have like lost at all just cuz like they they don't feel like it's real and I used to be way more like that but
244	you know if you go outside and just like even buy anything like like like holy crap this is like a fraction of your. slippage that's that's just absurd right like you got to start der risking at that point um I feel like yeah mentally
245	have D risk D risk D risk since like like end of 2020 early 2021 from that. yeah about prior to that like a lot of the trading I I've done are on way more
246	risk yeah yeah so like how much did you like. start out with um like like crypto a few few few grand got it and in the last
247	let's say from 2018 to 2021 um you've gone to a state where you know you're. comfortable with life you're you know traveling do do you think like that few th000 to make it is still possible in
248	crypto and if so if someone like retail is watching this video like how would you recommend uh like what do they to do. in order to you know make it in the next cycle let's say honestly I don't know but something I do realize is like just
249	like how intense the turnover rate is on crypto Twitter in terms of both just. people dying out and like Alpha where it's like I see a lot of people posting very
250	valuable stuff that only have like few thousand followers or like 10,000 like. like relatively small right and then here I am kind of just contributing nothing
251	um but like maybe like three four or five years ago I had a bit more to say about like you know Bitcoin and Defi and. like buying like what buying synthetics and a at pretty cheap and then longing here and shoting there on E
252	like but I see a lot of um let's just say like it's a it's it's a very. different game in like these kind of returns on like you you can definitely like trade on centralized exchange on
253	like Leverage that's like very I would say it's it's a it's. definitely harder than like 2019 2018 like that that period um but it's still
254	definitely doable like I would say the main issu is like binance removing liquidation feeds um you don't see the. like a clear picture of liquidation and open interest is like delayed by like a minute or something right so it's like
255	every time we pump we nuke like really fast um you're basically guessing like if you. should sell or not if or if you should buy or not like which can be deducted but it's just like uh it's just less
256	obvious I guess um so it's definitely still tradeable and uh off centralized. exchanges there's a lot of [ __ ] coining going on where like I feel like maybe like 20% win and
257	like majority of people just either run into a rug or just like f or like just buy the wrong thing. but it's that game is also just like very complex where it's like like sometime when [ __ ] really stands out go
258	from like like zero m zero market cap to like 100 Mil and it's all it's always pushed by like a lot a lot of like uh. what you call influencers and stuff um I mean it it is a game you can play
259	but yeah maybe yeah I I can't I can't feel like I can't I can't think if the. odds are better like here compared to tra trading like on Leverage on centralized but yeah there's a lot of
260	like this kind of stuff uh going on where I see I do see people make like a. lot of sums but yeah and I do feel like it's
261	Yield Farming & Thoughts on BLAST. honestly yeah like uh like for much lower risk there's a lot of like farming
262	stuff you can do um which luckily there wasn't much in my time because I would. have probably I don't know if I would have done that but maybe I would have yeah so I wouldn't have made as much but
263	yeah yeah so let's talk about farming um I do run a defi Channel um and recently there was this new form and you know. you're an investor uh in blast this new L2 backed by Paradigm um and backed by
264	paradig yes yes backed backed by Paradigm and right now um this blast. contract it's not a bridge it's contract it has Almost Let me refresh this it almost half a billion dollars in tvl and
265	this is a few days um it seems like a lot of people are upset upset by this um. I think it's a pretty good like marketing move I mean I think the chain itself itself makes sense as well um do
266	you mind kind of going over this you know incentives like mechanism like like. the points like thesis you have with like loyalty points marketing um do you think this is like where crypto goes
267	eventually where instead of giving out token rewards you just give out like fake points um and that way you know you. that way you you attract capital and try to I guess like bu that way
268	um what do you yeah I don't think it's worth worth for people to farm this anymore unless you do have a lot of. capital right and it's like um like points just they just work like
269	um you know there's like a like every company use it right if they have if. they have like a high user base or like audience um
270	and it's a great like both marketing like it's just it's a great Ponzi and. marketing thing to have and I do think yeah probably more projects are doing
271	doing it I mean they they are like you already see it um I don't yeah at at. half a bill like I mean like I think the TV goes to like more so it does reach
272	it's going to reach a point where like most it's not going to be worth for most of the people to farm it like maybe even. me right like so it probably is not the idea Farm um but yeah and there's
273	probably better Farms out there um which I I probably shall not say for for my own sake of uh. dilution got it got it yeah it's crazy I mean right now um there's a market on
274	"Fundamentals" in Crypto. Ava which is like this option perex and it's valuing blast to be 3.6 billion FDB
275	which is pretty insane right like they just spun up this contract collected half a billion and now I mean I'll be it. like the liquidity profile is like very thin there only like 75k worth of volume uh how do you think
276	like what do you think about like these valuation models like what gives l1's l2's value I mean what gives any token value have you ever like thought about. that like is there is there like an answer is there yeah what what crypto
277	mooves so weird right like how how do you value these things how do you think about valuations you you just you just move them based on uh like how many. people even know about it and how many people give a [ __ ] and pay attention to it that's pretty much it and then it's
278	like something I learned from Behavior site is uh we always need to have a. reason for something apparently right yeah so every decision we make there's
279	either uh a more like fact um concrete reason. or there is a more like social reason um so the fact reason would be like hey you
280	know we are ABC Capital we took your investor money and we bought Apple. shares and here's our reason like they they make a reason for why they bought Apple shares right and then they're like
281	oh the revenue is this their gross projections that like it's amazing like. the the earning to whatever price you know ratio is is great uh we're going to
282	hold this position and then like that kind of is like a c actually um like even yeah there is real money. like at some point it's like too cheap but like obviously like like if it's trading at
283	like 500 like it's it's pretty much like a game right so it's like even if it goes underwat I feel like a lot of these. funds are like kind of just become a c they're like oh no we still believe in this we still it's like it's like their
284	Bible right it's like no we believe in it and then the P good trust and then it's like they just keep holding it it's. like yo what the [ __ ] like and it's kind of the same and and here is like and and
285	and the more the more social part of reasoning would be be like hey you have. an iPhone yeah like you know the tech is amazing like we got this feature that feature like yeah iPhones are the best
286	you know it's just amazing and then it's like if you actually look through what they do with their phones like they they. don't they just they actually never use 90% of the quote unquote Tech they just mentioned and then it's like okay are
287	you really buying this for the tech or do you just like say something because that's socially acceptable to own an. iPhone and socially acceptable to say why and iPhone is superior right so it's like that's the two main reasoning we
288	give ourselves for our intentions um it's very much the same it's. like uh here where it's like the people make up some whatever metric and be like yo this is why this is valued at this
289	and why it's like going to go up or down and or like yo GCR bought so you know. it's it's now fashionable for me to own a position uh it's where it's like oh Kobe's in too yeah so you know I'm in
290	the trend and this is the new B the Balenciaga of uh uh the coin to hold for. this week right so it's like it's very similar in that um and especially if you're in like a
291	Discord group and everyone Apes a shitcoin like you kind of know like you're probably about to a that that. thing right so uh it it's yeah it's it's just
292	like overall it's just like how many people know about it and how many people really care about it in a sense. that give valuation to these tokens um and like attention is really
293	important now because like you could quote unquote have like amazing Tech like if no one talks about it like no. one like cares like even heard about it like how are they going to buy this coin right like they can't so we've reached a
294	point of where in my opinion uh social media is kind of like the. fundamentals or like we're getting more and more to that point and then it's like some people may be like yo some
295	protocols actually make money yo what do you mean and then it's like yeah well if no one talks about us about this on. social media then it never made money dude uh because people won't hear about it then they're not going to buy it but
296	everyone shows like oh this protocol makes money even if it's not a lot it's going to the token's probably going to. go up right so yeah it's very much just um getting to a point of uh just hyper
297	influence influencer like social media is Market yeah I would say yeah and I. think like gme was actually just like the start of like all of this um for
298	trashi like I think like even like Common Stocks like. in yeah defin maybe not like the the the major like stocks but like the midcaps
299	and small caps are definitely going to be moved um by like a lot of retail in the future too yeah yeah it's like if if. CL's Trading Style
300	a tree falls in the in the middle of the forest and no one's there to hear it like did it really make a noise right if a protocol has good fundamentals but no. one knows about it no one's Shilling it like is it actually good um yeah yeah I
301	I guess it's kind of like trading attention um like where attention flows um and I got this audience question um. asked him about his flows based approach to markets um and jez tweeted about this as well um like how would you
302	characterize your trading style like do you think that hey like if I expect attention to flow to this coin it makes. sense to front run those flows um because you know more people talk about it um you're trading attention is that
303	kind of how you would characterize your trading approach um honestly no I I'm I'm pretty horrible. at that actually which is why I don't I don't dabble so much in the allcoin market
304	um yeah I actually mostly just do like big caps um and the flows they talk. about or I've mentioned as actually more just like you know like if coinbase is
305	buying on spot and perss are longing on perss like dude it's just going to go up right like so that's the kind of flows I. trade and I like I'm a very aggressive Trader who does not care about entry and
306	like with no distinct stop loss but like at some I mean like some kind of like. momentum weight a stop loss or like like time weighted stop loss more so than like price one um like if like if spot
307	and pers are both like like buying like the last hour like I'm just going to buy like yeah I'm buying the top why not. like a sell like a the next to right like so like I'm very aggressive and
308	stuff like that and like if they stop buying then sure you know uh I'm very I'm very likely looking to like just. close out um no matter where the price is if it's higher or same or lower right
309	so that that's I guess just like trading momentum honestly but. you also do factor in some stuff like hey you know we've everyone's been buying and longing for like three weeks
310	you know if momentum breaks here it's going to be huge so then I might Jam in on like a reverse like you know no one's. fought in like six like six hours and there open interest and leverages and
311	funding rates are Jack you know I'm going to jam on the first uh like sell. sell momentum right so it it it there's there's a lot of game to like like that
312	in terms of flows and and then you're kind of just praying the people who've been buying like take some profits or. like Panic sell or what whatever right so that's a lot of the flows I trade and
313	I I think jez is a much better narrative Trader than me and most people honestly like like uh I'm the type to like think. about oh Doge could be the next narrative and then just like not even have any exposure yeah so yeah I'm
314	Thoughts on DeFi. probably not a great like all Co Traer except for def I guess um that was just
315	very obvious maybe because I the groups I hang out with are more like on the. funds sides and like retail side maybe it's more obvious if like you talk to like 100 like non-institutional Traders
316	every day like I mean that's a lot of alpha right they might start talking about xcoin and all of them are like. yeah yeah I don't have exposure Heats pumping [ __ ] and then you're like [ __ ] it I'm just going to long it like I I
317	don't know what what they do honestly but when I was like in like people are funds are talking. about def5 they're like yo we can't deploy cuz there's no liquidity I'm like that's so bullish
318	all yeah so so that's more like the stuff I I hear about so I may know a bit. more of um I I I I I do remember the synthetics a trade I was buying
319	synthetics at like sub $1 and then like every 5,000 usdc buy I made on chain it. was moving the price 2% % and then I was like wait that I can't even you know pack a 50k back then I'm going to move
320	the price up 20% like that's ridiculous right so you're really like really trying to like not like slap the price. too hard um yeah so that that was like a very
321	different tra trading and I I didn't even put too much into like these trades because like I just had no idea if it. really does play or or or not although I kind of feel like it like almost like was definitely what like going to play
322	out yeah yeah you mentioned the defi trade I'm assuming in 2020 was like obvious right uh like what made it. obvious aside from the fact that maybe at the time your size was in size and you were front running you know like the
323	institutional bid uh like what like what did you see in defi at the time that made you think that like wow like this. is so obvious like I have to you know buy snx a etc oh it was like pretty much the only thing that was new and shiny
324	and like the only thing people talked about and it's like it's just ridiculous right like hey hey there's a new smart. contract you put money in you get some yield here and then you get the token cool now you get the token you dump it
325	your yield is now this amount which is like let's say like 300% that's Bonkers um people thought it. was a scam and like they they all just kept talking about it and it was just a very strong momentum and attention right
326	and then it's like oh now there's like some funds like deploying some like Capital you know why. not like let's deposit like we have a big fund let's slam a mill into like this Farm get some risk-free return or
327	like unless you get ruged which I assume some of these funds had like a like a. dude who AC actually can re read some code and be like hey you know this seems pretty safe or or not right so a lot a
328	lot of funs funds started farming defi like later on um and that was like like. like one of the main things a lot of funds did in 2021 but yeah in 2020 they they were just getting started and yeah
329	it was like pretty much the only new thing where you can like Leverage on chain like B of money on chain and then. just like do this and that like some some funny mechanisms where people have never been able to do before um or they
330	could but there there was just like no no size at all um I I actually remember I deposed at one e into. Dharma um in 2019 and then I was getting 4% yield and I was like yo this is like
331	so cool like like I I can see like this eth going into the pool. and then like uh actually back then it was like individual pools so if you want to borrow eth you have to like either
332	find a someone who's like willing to lend out the same amount or something but yeah it was it was badly designed I. think uh but I can see the exact address that borrowed my eth uh and I was like
333	yo that's fascinating like I know he have to pay back cuz like he's going to get liquidated for a way more uh amount. of usdc if he does not pay back right so and that usdc goes back to paying me uh buying like one e and sending it back to
334	me right so um I knew it was safe uh unless like we really just like abruptly. like sent like 100% in like one minute with no like like liquidity to cover which was like not really possible but
335	like yeah like there there something really insane has to happen for TW sounds like you know in 2019 you were. experimenting with things with defa you kind of knew how it worked and then in 2020 you know like more like de Dev
336	started to build you start to see like actual functioning apps comp a etc um do. you think you know like for the next I mean like talking about like the present um do you think something has to be new
337	Other Sectors like RWAs. in chiny for it to pump um for example like defi seems like a more mature market now like do you think there are
338	investment opportunities in defi or do you like if if you were starting a new account and you're trying to like run it. up what sectors do you think has the most am opportunity oh there's so many
339	sectors now and honestly I I don't really know like half of them to be honest cuz like like like if you tell me. about games and Ai and like like I just have no idea like like
340	I feel like games uh they make some revenue from like I don't know selling skins or some [ __ ] and then it's like. okay are people buying and then like you I guess you can project something but AI is just like such a new world to me like
341	I don't know anything about AI so I'm just not going to talk about it but some. people may actually know something about it and then they can be like okay cool uh this this like I don't know right
342	like they can make some stuff up about or they may see something like people don't and then if you believe in that. like AI narrative to to happen then sure um and then now we have like rwa which I
343	also don't know about because it's like I do like real world are you serious like you're a cat like I thought we were. trading I thought we were trading like magical internet money like what is this real world stuff like that's crazy um so
344	yeah I mean but but like I I am kind of foolish on on it cuz just like the overall fact. that you can just earn yield like yield is like everything Yi related to yield and just giving out free money is just
345	foolish right because it's like it's it's just it's just a me. people have always uh accepted and like like about like just earning over time
346	so yeah anything with yield is just is just good in my opinion it's a good thesis so you like someone could see. something there and be like okay this is like clearly like undervalued like the this sh one or that sh one like I don't
347	want to name or like um talk too much about like specific projects I like. honestly I don't even know like how safe they are right but if if you know then you know right so so
348	it's like yeah I think DJ Spartan tweeted this it's like like passive income meme is much more attractive than. like hotle wagy you know like that caval um and like that's one of the reasons he likes take either um real world assets
349	also it's like yield skills right like most defi Farms the more TVO goes in the yield dilutes like I like for example. blast um but if it's like treasuries or other types of debt it's like well yeah like billions can enter and the yield
350	all the same um do you think like rvas can be like a sector that people are underestimating like do you think crypto. natives inherently don't like rvas because it's like oh real world like I I love my magic internet money uh do you
351	think it's like a sector that people are like people think that they're overlooking uh I don't think they're overlooking cuz like we already have a. lot of people talking about it and then it's like well like I I honestly do not know like what's the exact mechanism
352	people are bringing like oh whatever yield from whatever government is like to on chain like like there there's few. forms where people are also just buying like oh like yeah hey our protocol owns
353	like a thousand houses here we're renting them out and this is your passive income and like yo what. like like like like I like out of no clue how legal that is or like just how
354	ruggable that is or like how safe it is but if you know it's safe like and you. think it's undervalued I think I think then they they can that can be a good play um also I feel like a part of the
355	meme is like not really about us but like a lot of new buyers are not going to be are going to be kind of like a mix. of just like our generation and then the older generation which probably prefer something that sounds like something
356	they already know which is like RW would be something they kind of know right and then I feel like that's also why Ripple. always got a persistent bid it's just like hey we partner with banks it's complete like scam but like that sounds
357	so legit right so it's like it's it's a great Ponzi like they just keep saying yeah we yeah dis spank yeah. International wire bro like it's like they just get a per a bed it's like that's that's just crazy um yeah yeah no
358	like I used to play poker and I was in these poker discords and there was like this one guy was so adamant that like. xrp wasn't hit $1,000 and nothing could shake his confidence on that um and
359	they're like people that yeah I have no idea um but if I how many years has it. been does he still think it's going to a th yeah yeah no like for sure like he's he's very what the
360	[ __ ] yeah I mean I guess it's partly crypto YouTube and when that right like you mentioned earlier like the crypto. Role of Influencers in Crypto
361	markets are more and more influenced I guess by influencers because People's Source of Truth are like whatever you. know people see on the internet like do you think that's healthy for the markets or do you think it's just natural evolution of this you know this eternity
362	online eternally online society that it seems like the younger generation is uh becoming a part of yeah I think it is. and I I think at some point it is going to be really really bad uh get to a point where it's just so bad that we try
363	to find another system that helps it get better again uh which is why I was so. just into like some kind of rep system like so we can like like even AI is
364	getting really good right so it's like yo if we can't even distinguish like a celebrity between like if are they even. real like like we can't even tell right cuz it's like especially in this industry like it's completely acceptable
365	at this point that you're just like some character so if there's some like weird cartoon character animal that's like. screaming out tickers and they just keep pumping like if they're in AI like they're going to be like the overlord of
366	like a corner of Twitter where like they can just keep influencing the market right and then it's. like or just like way more like of these like water accounts or like fishing like
367	scam and like just that just like scam people right just tweet links DM people random like promotion stuff uh yeah I I. I can see it getting pretty bad and it's really hard to for like one entity to filter
368	all of these out cuz like if there is a rule like on like on. the internet I feel like it's or or just like overall like I feel like you there is like a way around it so it's just
369	like hey we did this implementation to like get out get the BS out and then. like you you have like a million team of like people who just want to like code
370	some BS SP to like scam some money like it's like no risk but full return right so it's like it's such a great thing to. do uh if you're just if you just don't care about like ethics and uh just want to make money right um so you got all
371	these smart people that's just going to find what the rules are and just spend around it and just keep you know buying. social media accounts and like going for it um I I think it it it will get pretty
372	bad and then like a rep system where like if everyone if every like actual. living being participate in it then it's it becomes much more harder for like a bot to really infiltrate um although
373	that's like obviously at the cost of like the entire Society putting time in into into this and um yeah although in. real life the entire Society do put time into this which is why I thought it could kind of work cuz like like if we
374	meet and like a group of friends me they might talk about hey you know that guy. I I don't trust him because he did this and that and like Words spread right but
375	it doesn't spread as easily here I feel like or just people just forget forget cuz like these posts get buried in a. week or month and then or people just restart an identity it's really easy to like restart an identity but it's hard
376	for an identity to really like stay and like get really big so yeah so I mean. Thoughts on Friend.Tech
377	with like the rep system um I think you wrote a blog post around frch like I think recently like the keys have come. down across the board are you still bullish frch or like where do you think it goes from here yeah I always thought frch was a
378	mix of just like a mix of both rep and something else a bit of. like how much how active you are or like how how much e are you spending kind
379	kind of and then like and then there's like a bit of Ponzi where there's 33 going on and then there's a bit of like. actual utility where it's like okay I can buy this like maybe there's like I
380	would say maybe there's actually at least five good Traders on the platform where you know there's genuinely uh like. a justifiable lifetime price to pay for um but personally I I don't really need
381	that cuz like I it's really hard for me to trade off other people's opinions. um kind of like if you log into someone else's trading account and you see like five positions you don't really know why
382	they're open where they think it's going to go like you you have no clue how to manage these from that point on right so. it's kind of the same where it's like okay this guy said this goes up okay by how much I don't know like uh or
383	like if they say by how much like I I don't know like it's just like it's just not your trade so it's like really hard. for you to have a conviction in it and then like it might draw draw down a bit
384	and you might panic but like if that guy have way more conviction than you he might hold and he might be right right. so it's like a lot of this is like really hard to for me at least um yeah yeah so I I
385	don't really do that but but on yeah there is some value there and then a bit. of like influence and that but overall I still really like that platform to be honest um I've met like a lot of uh
386	people there and part of it was actually just me buying a bunch of accounts that. are of the Asian community and I bought some like Middle Eastern people and then
387	they're like hey yo uh if you want to get into like our like my homies like group chat like here's a link uh and. then I joined these chats right it's like really cool like just to see what they're talking about and it's like I
388	thought that was like probably like obviously it's not worth like what how much I spent like I'm not going to say. but yeah but that was still at least something came out of it it wasn't just like I bought like a scam and then it
389	went to zero um I'm still quite happy with how it played out so far yeah. although uh uh yeah like it could have it could be better
390	but yeah uh not complaining I hope the points are wor something but you know we still don't know I this point yeah like. How to Utilize Crypto Twitter
391	you mentioned earlier like you know it's if someone talks about their trade or you see someone's trade it's really. hard to build conviction because you don't know why they put on a trade you don't know their time Horizon and it
392	seems like you know crypto Twitter and CT it seems like people just throw out tickers um and say it's going to go up. and what not like as a valuable member of the CT Community how do you like how
393	would you recommend an average person like utilize crypto Twitter it yeah that's another problem it takes a lot of. time to get good at this as then to even know what you're reading is like how legit this guy is like I feel like as
394	you spend time on this website you kind of like un subconsciously subconsciously build like a like. a kind of like how legit they are score um and then they are like a okay uh this
395	guy is not very good um but this guy's pretty good so I think it's pretty uh. innate for like they most people probably kind of have a sense of how to use it
396	but yeah I would just say yeah just uh just yeah I I guess just find people and. see if they're like I mean a lot of their tweets can be back tested and then it's like if they like a lot of accounts
397	do delete tweets but I feel like it could be pretty obvious as you follow them too. um yeah uh and I I would definitely always make my like your your own
398	decision um just cuz like that's how you actually really get good. at something not like from you know listening to others yeah so first of all like I
399	really appreciate you taking the time um but I'll try to get into the rapid fire question section um so you mentioned. earlier um and this was surprising to me uh you know you your biggest I guess win
400	CL's Trading Style. was like 2 to 300K and you typically don't try to hold like hold trades for a couple days to a couple weeks like why
401	is that like Haven haven't there been High conviction trades that you don't mind holding for months at a time or do. is that like more your trading style your personality you want to talk about that yeah I think it's a bit of both
402	where it's like I I tend to find it hard I mean like everyone's different um. but I I like it's hard for me to have conviction on something that's just like
403	like on like a higher time frame just cuz like the oner just gets bigger and bigger right as more time there is to. for you to guess what's going to happen um yeah so even when Bitcoin was breaking out of like 12 to 16 to 20K
404	like I I was pretty sure all that was going to happen but like I I could only hold a position to like 16 for example. right cuz like I knew like I retrace would come and then it's much harder for me to mentally reong like 15K it's like
405	bro I've never longed my whole life I like my two years of two three years of trading so far has been uh Bitcoin has. like 5K akk you know like 15's crazy so I think it takes some skill too to
406	adjust to that but and like I should have thought about like yo this is time. where you do not think about what the [ __ ] the price is when you're longing like you sold 16 it's time to Reby 15 if
407	you think it's going 20 right like but I I I didn't Reby the size I want but also. just like if you're if you're on like some form of Leverage which I was then
408	it's really hard to hold a position from 12 to 16 and then just keep holding even. though you know like we're going to like work to like 14 or 15 just from like some profit taking and then it's
409	like like you get you got to hold that for like a week two week like that's crazy like like it's really hard to. sleep it's really hard to uh do a lot of things where like and then you just have like a massive mental
410	block on your head where it's like I have a ridic ridiculously sized position on this magic internet money which I. think is going to 20K but I know for this week it might scam me so like like it's just like you're going
411	to suffer for that like a like 10 days to like uh I'm very much of like a life. maximalist where it's like or happy maximalist where it's like hey you know
412	just yeah I yeah I do not want to win more just just let get me out of the stress so I'm more of that kind of yeah. nice nice nice uh like what what do you think are like common traits of successful successful Traders I mean
413	Common Traits of Successful Traders. obviously you have a bunch of friends who are amazing Traders um we've seen people blow up come and go um yeah do
414	want to talk about like what makes someone successful when it comes to investing or trading your group though um obviously uh get risk management. um most people I know do really well are pretty humble um and then the The Not So
415	humble wantes tend to go bigger but I've seen them draw down also much more. um yeah just like good ego good being humble
416	um good at risk uh being H like having the ability to know you're wrong having. like the ability to think you're you're not like you can be wrong and you're not like Invincible or like just like know
417	everything U yeah I think that's really good Yeah Yeah you mentioned risk management but it seems like you know. you you like to turn up the you know the leverage up right um and sometimes you
418	can't get good sleep and whatnot uh what are your risk management I guess rules or like what are some rules you live by. when it comes to trading on Leverage uh well usually I always baby in my positions
419	like I might play a game with League or two but like you know I can still Tab out and be like okay it's not it's not. necking to zero right now or like going to Infinity where I'm sure you know
420	but overall I mine's mine's just very momentum based like or kind of just like monetary base. if I'm down like six F I'm definitely looking to cut uh even if I think it's going to bounce in favor of my position
421	just because I tend to have this system where if I'm wrun by that much margin. then I do not deserve to be Break Even to begin with even if I think it's going to like uh retrace to my immediately or
422	something um so this I guess this this this part of trading is where I see it as a game and not like real money yeah. got it yeah some of the some of the trading stuff I do is not definitely not very um I guess like just perfect EV or
423	something yeah yeah like do you think that the majority of your trades are more gut feeli driven just because. you're just always staring at the charts you kind of know how these markets move um yeah like is how how important is G
424	feel to you it's pretty a good amount and then there's always uh kind of like a a feel. of like where like a price level is I mean it's pretty obvious where like people get liquidated and stuff but yeah
425	there's also a gut view of like How likely how like how how bad that is like. that move is going to get if we go to this level or that level right cuz like you kind of have to like because like I
426	feel like the data is not as trans you kind of have to like take some leaps of assumptions where I think like if we. like de five person here we utterly [ __ ] because you know that destroys everyone on X20 leverage which is like pretty
427	common honestly for just Market to have and then it's like if you also assume a lot of positions are open at like high. leveraging like around the same price we've been consolidating and then if we move like against all these position
428	they're going to have to close and then that's going to cause like probably way more moves uh in percentage wise and then yeah so. those kind of gu fields are pretty it's both a GU feel and like somewhat
429	quantitative I guess in a sense but yeah yeah so you mentioned you're like a momentum tra Trader um and you know like. you might be aing the top but you're going to Long uh do you have any examples of like recent trades that you've taken whether they be Bitcoin eat
430	salana things like that uh where you've used that system and how did that turn out for you yeah uh I mean like earlier. today Bitcoin was at like what 30 377 and I just long and that's like the
431	highest been in like I don't know a week or so and then I just sold at 38 flat um. so I mean that's just like pure momentum and then yeah didn't make a ton on it
432	maybe like 10K but yeah I I I don't trade a lot. anymore but like today I'm home so and I kind of saw like like okay the the
433	moment Syms just crazy it's definitely going to like test 38 some somehow so yeah yeah but seems like you go off VI. crazy yeah I mean this is just like such such intraday BS stuff going on like
434	honestly not even worse talking about but yeah got it got it so a few more questions then I'll let you go um what. Biggest Misconceptions about Crypto
435	are some biggest misconceptions about the crypto markets that you see a lot oh I I love the they are going to dump or. like they're going to protect the P it's like who who they bro like they like they do not exist you know like there is
436	no like God in this market that's like yeah they're protecting it or like. they're going to like send it or I feel like that's like some misconception people have there there is just like a
437	lot of [ __ ] rich kids and a lot of [ __ ] rich people in general like. that's in this right and they're they're all they all love to gamble and they're all gambling on a lot alongside you
438	right so it's like and you might not know why they're buying and selling so it's like when price don't react to. something you like hey why don't we dump like there's such bad news like like the person buying might not even know what's
439	going on they just wanted to buy and [ __ ] off right like like some some things cannot just be can just not be. explained and like you don't have to think it's like some weird like like
440	like they that's like influencing the market yeah yeah I think it's normal for. humans maybe you don't understand cuz you're a cat but I think every human wants to rationalize why something has
441	happened um but sometimes the markets move and you just have to react right. yeah yeah yeah yeah so final question I have for you um yeah I have a lot of
442	viewers uh they're listening to this podcast and they want to make it uh like how do you think you know like an. average retail Trader can make it next cycle uh do you have any life lessons life a life outfit that you want to
443	share oh my God this this is always the hardest question cuz it's like what do you say to help like all these people. get rich [ __ ] I do not know bro like I'm trying to I it's pretty hard for me to
444	get richer myself like like honestly I do feel like big accounts are overrated small. accounts are underrated on average and then I think there's a lot of alpha in these
445	like onchain Traders and a bunch of the smaller centralized exchange Traders where not many people are following as. much just cuz like they don't ship host as often and then yeah I I I think a lot of big
446	accounts are pretty like just overrated in general um they do have a lot of say in like just momentum of shitcoins cuz. like you you I mean you know if like everyone over 100k follower tweeted a
447	ticker like bro that shit's going to send right but like like a like a smaller account may be talking about. stuff that that's that's less just like less aggressive but actually like kind of valuable um or
448	it could be talking about something that big accounts cash on later um yeah yeah. so would you say that maybe this obscure coin just like pumped a lot um for
449	whatever reason maybe is it like worth maybe going on Twitter looking up the ticker Identify some accounts that. talked about it before um and then try to network with them talk to them uh is that like do you think how important is
450	like networking you think oh yeah networking is amazing I mean like you you can like a lot of these group chats. they're not exclusive at all they're just like yo if you're if you're just like a nice guy out there and like you're cool like people
451	are just going to add you right like to a bunch of random like chats they may be good they may just be playing games so. like eventually you make friends with them and like some like some some of the bats they take do make money um and it's
452	like or or or or you just all get wucked together I don't know right like but like I I think a lot of the. small C out there especially like maybe been around for a while like
453	if they survived like all the FTX and like all the rugs and like implosions. Luna never holding a single us like they they're pretty smart right like so I feel like or not if they're not smart at
454	least they're good at risk so like the chances of you like like if you can get in touch with. like a group of these friends or like like smaller people on Twitter I think that's pretty [ __ ] good and it's like
455	you don't have to be like following the big accounts like I I like even for me like I don't feel like I tweet much. saying stuff useful for you guys or they say for anyone right like maybe apart from like hey I think Bitcoin eats that
456	and then like someone with this size may have a more opin like some opinion or actionable thing to do but like. I I don't feel like a lot of stuff I say are very super valuable yeah yeah
457	actually the last thing I wanted to talk about this is just pure SHP posting but. CL's Relationship with Unisocks
458	um I asked on Twitter if people have any questions and an overwhelming majority. of them let me try to pull this up actually uh they're they're asking about
459	unisox so you have this meme where you're just like jerking off the unisx right like what like what's the origin. behind that and how many shots can a uniso hold
460	um so I remember just like one day I I came across this shitcoin worth $3,000. 4,000 $45,000 um and it's just like this suck from Unis Swap and I was like okay this
461	like this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever [ __ ] seen my whole life right like eth was at like 1K back then. or like no no no eth was at 200 and this show was at 5K CU like this was like 2020 right and it pumped because uh
462	every stockholder was going to get like the uni drop so I pumped to 10K everyone. bought it and then like it just stayed at like 3 4K for a long time and I was just like I bought like 10 gave five out
463	for free and uh I was like yo this is just absurd I feel like and just how absurd the fact that it was at 5K kind. of just made it keep going up and now it's just holding at 40 um I mean and that itself is just [ __ ] ridiculous
464	right like why the [ __ ] do people hold this I don't [ __ ] know which is why I'm holding it uh I mean it's just for. fun like I don't know if it goes like much higher um I don't think many people hold it
465	like to to like dump so I don't think it goes too much lower like again I don't I don't know who the [ __ ] would buy this. so it's just probably GNA maintain at some value all the time just because it's like ridiculous you're you're
466	avoiding the original question man like how much come can a uniso hold if a uniso can't hold come that's that's the. original question okay uh so
467	uh uh some some questions are better left un asked uh for the sake of our our. industry okay okay for the sake of our industry we'll keep that a secret all right all right I think that I think I
468	think we'll wrap it up there um we'll let the audience kind of simmer on that question um and we'll leave it to their. imagination thank you CL do you have any final words for our audience
469	today uh yeah none not wating all right all right all right all right all right. thanks cat uh talk see you later man okay
470	bye-bye. No results found
471	TAP TO RETRY. English (auto-generated)
472	English (auto-generated). NaN / NaN
473	Now playing. crypto traders be like...
474	Joma Tech. Joma Tech
475	Verified. •
476	•. 3.6M views
477	2 years ago. Now playing
478	I read "Best Loser Wins" so you don't have to. Taiki Maeda
479	Taiki Maeda. •
480	•. 17K views
481	8 months ago. Now playing
482	Sherlock  stop it! we shouldn't giggle at a crime scene. Kat Hammerich
483	Kat Hammerich. •
484	•. 579K views
485	11 years ago. Now playing
486	How to Not Midcurve Crypto w/ Qiao Wang. Taiki Maeda
487	Taiki Maeda. •
488	•. 13K views
489	7 months ago. Now playing
490	How to Make it This Cycle w/ CryptoMessi. Taiki Maeda
491	Taiki Maeda. •
492	•. 25K views
493	4 months ago. Now playing
494	Understanding Bitcoin Derivatives with CL207. Blockware
495	Blockware. •
496	•. 13K views
497	2 years ago. Now playing
498	FPJ's Batang Quiapo | Episode 402 (1/2) | August 30, 2024 (with English Subtitles). ABS-CBN Entertainment
499	ABS-CBN Entertainment. Verified
500	•. •
501	2.5M views. 1 day ago
502	New. Now playing
503	How DeFi Supercharges your Crypto Portfolio. Taiki Maeda
504	Taiki Maeda. •
505	•. 17K views
506	5 months ago. Now playing
507	PALAGI - TJxKZ Version | OFFICIAL LYRIC VIDEO. TJ Monterde
508	TJ Monterde. Official Artist Channel
509	•. •
510	1.3M views. 4 days ago
511	New. Now playing
512	Are NFTs Coming Back? Interview with Blur Founder - Pacman, Blur, Ep. 248. The Blockcrunch Podcast with Jason Choi
513	The Blockcrunch Podcast with Jason Choi. •
514	•. 1.6K views
515	10 months ago. Now playing
516	Crypto Ponzis & Game Theory w/ Jordi Alexander. Taiki Maeda
517	Taiki Maeda. •
518	•. 12K views
519	8 months ago. Now playing
520	Are We in a Supercycle? w/ Su Zhu. Taiki Maeda
521	Taiki Maeda. •
522	•. 23K views
523	4 months ago. Now playing
524	High-stakes Poker to Crypto Whale w/ Jason Mo. Taiki Maeda
525	Taiki Maeda. •
526	•. 7.6K views
527	7 months ago. Now playing
528	Why Most Altcoins are Uninvestable Vaporware w/ thiccy. Taiki Maeda
529	Taiki Maeda. •
530	•. 7K views
531	10 months ago. Now playing
532	How to (Not) Underperform your 2nd Cycle w/ Wangarian. Taiki Maeda
533	Taiki Maeda. •
534	•. 26K views
535	5 months ago. Now playing
536	Why Jupiter on Solana will be bigger than Binance with Anatoly and Meow. Good Game Podcast
537	Good Game Podcast. •
538	•. 12K views
539	8 months ago. Now playing
540	What Are Binance Perpetual Futures Contracts ｜Explained for beginners. Binance Academy
541	Binance Academy. •
542	•. 148K views
543	5 years ago. Now playing
544	Why ETH is Cucked w/ Wangarian. Taiki Maeda
545	Taiki Maeda. •
546	•. 16K views
547	8 months ago. Now playing
548	How an On-Chain Whale Navigates DeFi w/ Blurr.eth. Taiki Maeda
549	Taiki Maeda. •
550	•. 12K views
551	9 months ago. Now playing
552	I read "Trading in the Zone" so you don't have to.. Taiki Maeda
553	Taiki Maeda. •
554	•. 6.9K views
555	7 months ago. Show more
